feat(signals): disallow user-defined signals in withState and signalState (#4879)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/signals/signal-store/linked-state.md

  withLinkedState(({ options }) => ({
    // 👇 Defining a linked state slice.
    selectedOption: () => options()[0] ?? undefined,
  })),
  withMethods((store) => ({
    setOptions(options: number[]): void {
      patchState(store, { options });
    },
    setSelectedOption(selectedOption: number): void {
      // 👇 Updating a linked state slice.
      patchState(store, { selectedOption });
    },
  }),
);

</code-pane>

<code-pane header="option-list.ts">

@Component({
  // ... other metadata
  providers: [OptionsStore],
})
export class OptionList {
  readonly store = inject(OptionsStore);

  constructor() {
    console.log(this.store.selectedOption()); // logs: 1

    this.store.setSelectedOption(2);
    console.log(this.store.selectedOption()); // logs: 2

    this.store.setOptions([4, 5, 6]);
    console.log(this.store.selectedOption()); // logs: 4
  }
}

</code-pane>
</code-tabs>

## Explicit Linking

The `withLinkedState` feature also supports providing `WritableSignal` instances as linked state slices.
This can include signals created using `linkedSignal()` with `source` and `computation` options, as well as any other `WritableSignal` instances.

> In both cases, the SignalStore and the original signal remain fully synchronized - updating one will immediately reflect in the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In both cases, the SignalStore and the original signal remain fully synchronized - updating one immediately reflects in the other.
```

        const option = newOptions.find((o) => o.id === previous?.value.id);
        return option ?? newOptions[0];
      },
    }),
  }))
);

> </code-example>

Author: I'd keep it as it is for now, because linkedSignal is just a variation of writable signal, and I'd assume that the reader is familiar with this. Also, classic writable signals will be used mostly for plugin authors to integrate with, e.g., resource.

Anyway, it was already mentioned on this page that any WritableSignal signal is allowed in addition to linkedSignal. If we notice the need for an additional example, we can add it later.
